specialist here for inside track newscom
we're at night number one of the 48th
annual World Series of asphalt stock car
racing and i'm here with mr. Florida mr.
World Series mr. Newsome murder himself
been representing for Canada for a long
time down here the pilot of the dirty 38
it is none other than Kurt cooker Kirk
we always love checking in with you my
friend where night number one and I mean
there's a little bit of work being done
to this car I know it's not the way you
want you wanted to kick things off for
those at home bring us up to speed on
what's going on with this machine we
come down here we were first time in the
car since last year actually first time
international car since last year we
unloaded we were 1950s then we went 90
nose and I blistered up I think it was
an 18-6 went in and we something changed
on the car then I went back out on a
brand new set of tires that can I get
the thing out into the at least to the
30s and I end up putting it in the fence
on practice tonight on I don't know what
happened so we've been working ever
since trying to figure out what's going
on with the car certainly missing my OMA
culture to tell you the truth so you
always had Mike my back clock and I can
call them and talk to them but I
hopefully will would you will get this
thing sort of will get up front there
now this is a port city chassis
completely different from your typical
MRE setup do the two cars just you have
to approach it completely differently in
your driving style and the drivability
of this piece that sit on the pad right
now wow I really don't think that I
think I grew some balls over the summer
there because i'm not running around the
bottom anymore i'm sort up on the top
sides of the racetrack my son said i had
to do that so you know I just just I'm
not getting used to the car like I said
my i feel i'll probably end up selling
this car and get myself back into an MRE
card you know just that's where i'm at
my life that I want Jake and myself have
a good relationship right now you've
always been I mean if you look at the
the team MRE starting lineup I mean
you've been in a Mike McCaul car since I
mean since you came over to dash fault i
would reckon so a long time you switch
over the port city this year was it just
time for your for your team to go in a
new direction for a while now I me and
Mike had a little falling out over the
summer and we sort of part of ways now
me Mike patch that up and everything's
behind us and we're sailing on he
actually offered me his house car to
bring it down here but I just thought I
tore that car up it wouldn't be a good
deal so I decided to bring up my fork
city car down here hopefully we can get
this thing sale and I don't know I I
feel good about the car the car will run
so and you know I'm comfortable in New
Smyrna has a reputation for for a tough
track that's hard to get a hold of it
eats up equipment do you feel as though
that reputation is undeserved for the
speedway know this this place of tear
up that I'm sure it's bad it and
you're racing against young kids and you
know you're talking about Mike McCaul
and the starting lineup my first street
stock is in 1982 and it was on a golf
cart so you tell me how long I've been
with my
do you feel is always just a lack of
respect among some competitors down here
they're sort of make things a little bit
more difficult than they need to be I
think so I think everyone thinks they're
going to be the next play this greatest
Jeff Gordon and they're trying to be
heroes you know we're still just short
drag racing you know you look up on the
hill and there's stackers and Mike
Skinner's crew chief on the 88 car
that's you know to me it just
astronomical so I don't know we're just
a bunch of hill village from South
Yungas so we'll just see what happens I
mean I know that you guys are chasing
the setup right now is the plan tonight
just sort of just sort of coast and ride
it out and try to keep the car in one
piece for tomorrow yeah we're just going
to we're just going to run around the
back tonight we're going to restart
scratch we're just going to go some
practice tires hopefully it's better
we're throwing everything at it but the
kitchen sink Greg Donald my brother
Randy yeah being a George Wilson come
down to help so that's kind of cool go
ahead and thank the marketing support
they got this card applauded the market
is like inside track race time radio my
buddies over there fire fire protection
really stepped aboard steve barnett from
vertec just can't say enough for him
just uh the list goes on it just seems
like the run here I get more support
than run out my local track like West
Side performance sponsored it triple-s
RPM graphics we picked up a bar from
down here which is kind of cool from New
Smyrna Mertz and a Smith & Wilson wines
and I can't forget it out my old buddy
Ron O'Brien he said he's gonna he told
me he's going to help Jake out this
summer so that's a that's a pretty good
deal we're going to talk about Jake all
tomorrow when we when we sit down and
chat for inside track newscom viewers
we're going to have video interviews
occur cooker all week long whether he
likes it or not I know he loves doing
this video interviews with me will also
feature him heavily in the next issue of
inside track hitting newsstands in March
so make sure you check that out Kirk I
appreciate the time my friend good luck
tonight and we'll check in with you on
night number two there you go folks
driver of the number 38 machine it's set
it's at the doctor's point right now on
the pit pat it's number 30 admission
will see Kirk comfortable